Documentation updates (#416)
grafana/k8s-monitoring-helm: charts/k8s-monitoring/docs/Structure.md

# Structure

> The Kubernetes Monitoring Helm chart contains many software packages and builds a comprehensive set of configuration and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes Monitoring Helm chart contains many software packages, and builds a comprehensive set of configuration and
```

section inside the Helm chart's values.yaml file that controls how it is configured.

| Name                                                                                   | Type                      | Associated values             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                          | 
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Grafana Agent](https://grafana.com/oss/agent/)                                        | StatefulSet               | `grafana-agent`               | The Grafana Agent that is responsible for scraping metrics, and accepting metrics, logs, and traces via receivers                                                                                                    |

> | Grafana Agent for Logs                                                                 | DaemonSet                 | `grafana-agent-logs`          | The Grafana Agent that gathers pod logs. By default, it uses HostPath volume mounts to read pod log files directly from the nodes. It can alternatively get logs via the API server and be deployed as a Deployment. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Grafana Agent for Logs                                                                 | DaemonSet                 | `grafana-agent-logs`          | The Grafana Agent that gathers Pod logs. By default, it uses HostPath volume mounts to read Pod log files directly from the nodes. It can alternatively get logs via the API server and be deployed as a Deployment. |
```

> | Grafana Agent for Events                                                               | Deployment                | `grafana-agent-events`        | The Grafana Agent that is responsible for gathering cluster events from the API server. This does not support clustering, so only one instance should be used.                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Grafana Agent for Events                                                               | Deployment                | `grafana-agent-events`        | The Grafana Agent that is responsible for gathering Cluster events from the API server. This does not support clustering, so only one instance should be used.                                                       |
```

> | [kube-state-metrics](https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics)                 | Deployment                | `kube-state-metrics`          | A service for generating metrics about the state of the objects inside the cluster.                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [kube-state-metrics](https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics)                 | Deployment                | `kube-state-metrics`          | A service for generating metrics about the state of the objects inside the Cluster.                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | [Node Exporter](https://github.com/prometheus/node_exporter)                           | DaemonSet                 | `prometheus-node-exporter`    | An exporter used for gathering hardware and OS metrics for *NIX nodes of the cluster.                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Node Exporter](https://github.com/prometheus/node_exporter)                           | DaemonSet                 | `prometheus-node-exporter`    | An exporter used for gathering hardware and OS metrics for *NIX nodes of the Cluster.                                                                                                                                |
```

> | [Windows Exporter](https://github.com/prometheus-community/windows_exporter)           | DaemonSet                 | `prometheus-windows-exporter` | An exporter used for gathering hardware and OS metrics for Windows nodes of the cluster. Not deployed by default.                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Windows Exporter](https://github.com/prometheus-community/windows_exporter)           | DaemonSet                 | `prometheus-windows-exporter` | An exporter used for gathering hardware and OS metrics for Windows nodes of the Cluster. Not deployed by default.                                                                                                    |
```

> | [OpenCost](https://www.opencost.io/)                                                   | Deployment                | `opencost`                    | Used for gathering cost metrics for the cluster.                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [OpenCost](https://www.opencost.io/)                                                   | Deployment                | `opencost`                    | Used for gathering cost metrics for the Cluster.                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

> | [Prometheus Operator CRDs](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator) | CustomResourceDefinitions | `prometheus-operator-crds`    | The custom resources for the Prometheus Operator. This is used if you want to deploy PodMonitors, ServiceMonitors, or Probes.                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Prometheus Operator CRDs](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator) | CustomResourceDefinitions | `prometheus-operator-crds`    | The custom resources for the Prometheus Operator. Use if you want to deploy PodMonitors, ServiceMonitors, or Probes.                                                                                        |
```

### Grafana Agent instances

You may wonder why there are three instances of the Grafana Agent, rather than combining them. The reason is a balance
between functionality and scalability. The default functionality of the Grafana Agent for Logs is to gather logs via
HostPath volume mounts. This requires it to be deployed as a DaemonSet. The Grafana Agent (for metrics and receivers) is
deployed as a StatefulSet, which allows it to be scaled (optionally with a HorizontalPodAutoscaler) based on load. If it
was combined with the Agent for Logs, it would lose its ability to scale.

> Also, the Grafana Agent for Events cannot be scaled beyond 1 replica, because that would result in duplicate events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, the Grafana Agent for Events cannot be scaled beyond one replica, because that would result in duplicate events
```

being sent to the logs service.

## Configuration Created

This Helm chart also creates the configuration files, stored in ConfigMaps, for the Grafana Agent instances. The
following lists describe the pieces of the configuration files and the section in the chart's values.yaml file that
controls it.

### Grafana Agent Configuration

| Name                           | Associated values                | Description                                                                                   |
|--------------------------------|----------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Annotation-based Autodiscovery | `.metrics.autoDiscover`          | Controls how pods and services are automatically discovered, based on their annotations.      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Annotation-based Autodiscovery | `.metrics.autoDiscover`          | Controls how Pods and services are automatically discovered, based on their annotations.      |
```
